Mention using webextension-polyfill outside of Firefox for Glean.js (#1699)
mozilla/glean: docs/user/user/adding-glean-to-your-project/javascript.md

* npm >= 7.0.0.
* Webpack >= 5.34.0.
* Python >= 3.6.[^1]
* (_for browsers other than Firefox_) [webextension-polyfill](https://github.com/mozilla/webextension-polyfill) >= 0.8.0.[^2]

[^1]: The `glean` command requires Python to download [`glean_parser`](https://mozilla.github.io/glean_parser/) which is a Python library.

> [^2]: Glean.js assumes a Promise-based `browser` API: Firefox provides such an API by default. Other browsers may require using polyfills such us `webextesion-polyfill`.

Author: ```suggestion
[^2]: Glean.js assumes a Promise-based `browser` API: Firefox provides such an API by default. Other browsers may require using a polyfill library such us `webextesion-polyfill` when using Glean in browser extensions.
```
